Ah, it turns out that Miss Tang calls herself a position by herself.
Haha, Miss Tang
Nothing I said before was true.
Everyone here can testify
Hahaha Miss Tang
It's not like this, he's just impulsive ahead
I definitely didn't mean to damage your reasonableness.
It's too late now
Miss Tang, don't listen to this dead old woman's nonsense
He's his mother. They're in this together
He just has no money to pay
That's why you pretend to be pitiful
You are disgusting like his cheap son
Pardon me?
Miss Cao Miss Tang
I am Qin Feng's ex-girlfriend
He's just talking big
In fact, I can't even get a dowry
There is only such a man, which woman would want it?
I don't believe it.
What woman would be blind?
Would like this kind of trash
I can't unscrew it myself
You have to pull all the women down
Do you really think others worship money as much as you do?